Known issue guests app (#4790)
owncloud/docs: modules/ROOT/pages/server_release_notes.adoc

* richdocuments 2.7.0
* onlyoffice 7.5.3

> ==== Guests App Whitelist feature
> 
> The _Guests App Whitelist feature_ is evaluating the whitelist stricter starting with release 0.12.0 . Therefore the administrator needs to make sure that essential core apps are added _before_ performing the upgrade:
> 
> * admin_audit 
> * encryption
> * files_antivirus
> * firewall
> * ransomware_protection
> 
> Any apps that provide access to external storage the guest users should have access too, need to be added as well like:
> 
> * files_primary_s3
> * windows_network_drive
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Guests App Whitelist Feature

The _Guests App Whitelist feature_ evaluates the app whitelist stricter starting with release 0.12.0 . To overcome any issues related to this strict handling, an upgrade to Guests 0.12.1 is highly recommended as this release has a much wider range of default whitelisted apps included.

```

Reviewer: The tarball does not get an upgrade, we need to add this to the known issues section.

@EParzefall @phil-davis mind for a language review?
